Update centralized-deployment-of-add-ins.md (#3115)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/centralized-deployment-of-add-ins.md

    
- Supported Mailbox - If they are on an OAuth-enabled mailbox

> [!NOTE]

> > MFA is not supported when using the Central Deployment for Addins Powershell module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Multifactor authentication is not supported when using the Central Deployment for add-ins PowerShell module.
```
